# What are SIC Codes and NAICS Codes?
## What do SIC Codes and NAICS Codes mean? 
The Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) and Northern American Industry Classification System (NAIC) represent the classification and codification of all business activity across the entire economic field in Canada, Mexico and the United States.

## What is a SIC code?
The Standard Industrial Classification Code System was developed in the 1937 as the need for a common statistical framework to organise, analyze and quantify economic activity across North America became apparent. The system assigned four-digit numerical codes to classify the companies according to their business activities. Over the years, the SIC was updated to reflect the changing economic landscape but eventually the system reached its limitation and had some inherent flaws in its underpinning methodology. Today SIC codes are not used in formal governmental statistics but still have many applications.

Although the meaning of SIC in business today is relegated to older public sector institutions and systems, they are still widely used. In 1987 all revision of the SIC code ended, and in 1997 the system was officially replaced by the six-digit North American Industry Classification System (NAICS). SIC codes are no longer supported but remain in use at many agencies and organizations in the US and outside. For example, the SIC system is also used by agencies in other countries such as the United Kingdom's Companies House.

## What do NAICS stand for? 
NAICS stands for the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS). This system replaced the four-digital SIC system with a system of 6-digit codes.  NAICS codes were jointly developed and adopted by Mexico, Canada and the United States. The NAIC codes were designed to reflect the composition of the changing economic landscape with its service and technological character, and also to standardize industry data collection and analysis between the North trade bloc partners, although it is not tied to any specific agreements. You can use NAICS codes to search for North American industry and trade statistics, financial data, competitor information, and more. 